docs(AI): FIx MCP links for Cursor (#3122)
telerik/blazor-docs: ai/mcp-server.md

For detailed instructions, refer to [Use MCP servers in Visual Studio](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/mcp-servers).

> > Older Visual Studio versions seem to require the Copilot Chat window to be open and active when you open a solution. Otherwise the Telerik MCP server is not used.

Reviewer: Older is way too generic. If you can, be more specific - e.g., version XXX and earlier.

Author: I am not sure about the exact number, because it's a sub version of 17.14.

> > Older Visual Studio versions seem to require the Copilot Chat window to be open and active when you open a solution. Otherwise the Telerik MCP server is not used.

Author: ```suggestion
> Early Visual Studio `17.14....` versions require the Copilot Chat window to be open and active when you open a solution. Otherwise the Telerik MCP server is not used.
```
